I am a graduate of a technical university and have been employed as a technician for approximately 10 years.
I'm 35 years old with a degree in teaching.
Good morning, Miss Pan. My name is Bob. I have come here for an interview by appointment. Nice to meet you.
I am 26 years old, born in Shandong province .I was graduated from Qingdao University. My major is electronic. And I got my bachelor degree after my graduation in the year of 2003.
My work style is extremely flexible ¨C working on so many different projects requires me to be adaptive. In general, I try to work on one project at a time, working as quickly but efficiently as possible to achieve the highest results.
I think that my experience with technology and, in particular, my ability to maintain and update websites, make me a good match for this position.
I am a postgraduate from Zhejiang University and have worked in a foreign trade company for two years. 
My name is John Jones and I am an experienced problem solver for marketing departments. I know that you have an opening here in your West Coast Marketing Group, and I understand that you are concerned that your California advertising campaign is not producing as you expected. I have worked on several successful advertising campaigns and have had some great results in improving positioning. I know that I could step into this role and show you some progress from day one. 
My name is Mike and I¡¯m 25 years old. I graduated from Shandong University and have been worked in ABC Company for two years.     
My name is Liu Yun.
When I¡¯m not working, I like to spend time exploring with my dogs. I take them hiking, visiting historical sites, or even just walking around town.
Sure. My name is Lee Yang, I graduated from Sichuan University in 2008 with bachelor degree of English. After my graduation, I went to Hongfeng Business Management Company, took a job as translator. 
Well, as you just told me, you are a worldwide company aims to foreign market. I think this is the perfect environment that every English student is looking for. English skill will fade away unless you can use it every day. Besides, I would like to try something different this time. I think the industry you are in keeps people young.
My birthplace is SuZhou.
If not being a English teacher, I shall be a Chinese teacher. 
Experience using multiple content management systems.
I¡¯m the best for this position here because I¡¯ve been following this company¡¯s progress for years. Any time there was a new release or you were mentioned in the news, I was all over it. I already know the infrastructure and history of this place like the back of my hand.
My expertise in accounting has saved thousands and, in some cases, millions of dollars for the different companies I¡¯ve worked with. With the welfare of the very infrastructure at stake, every penny counts, and I make it my priority to account for each of those pennies.
With my qualifications and experience, I feel I am hardworking, responsible and diligent in any project I undertake. Your organization could benefit from my analytical and interpersonal skills.
I like positions which can cooperate with others and do not have so much pressure. 
I like to go for a work with my dogs after work. 
My name is Li Hua, I am 26 years old. The knowledge I have learned in college and the 6year's working lead me to a person with strong responsibility and high working efficiency. Besides, I am ambitious and flexible. I am not only able to finish the task alone but also to cooperate with other people very well which requires good ability of communication.
My name is Susan, 24 years old. I graduated from Oxford University. I have two years of experience of working in a factory as the director. My school training combined with my practice in the factories should qualify me for this particular job. I am sure I will be successful.
Yeah, of course, I am Han, 25 years old. With my qualifications and experience, I feel I am hardworking, responsible and diligent in any project I undertake. Your organization could benefit from my analytical and interpersonal skills.
I like playing ping-pong ball and watching movies.
I have acquired CET-6, CET-4 and teacher qualification certification. 
My name¡¯s Lily, I¡¯m 26 years old.
My grandmother. She teaches me to be hard-working and serious all the time.
Yes, I have three dogs, I love them very much.
Yes, I¡¯m married. I have two children now.
I graduated from Oxford University in 2017.
Yes, I have. 
Hard-working, perseverance, patience.
No, I¡¯m still not married.
My favorite person is my father. He is ordinary, but he tries his best to give me a happy life. He is my model.  
Yes, I have a lot of hobbies, such as playing basketball and listening to music.
After work, I will cook diner by myself and watch TV when eating. After diner, I will go for a walk with my pets. 
Well. I¡¯m Deng Zhong, 30 years old. I have been working as a computer programmer for five years. To be specific, I do system analysis, trouble shooting and provide software support. With my strong academic background, I am capable and competent.
My favorite book is The Little Prince. 
My favorite movie is Aliens. It is amazing and movable.
I have been living here for about three years since I graduated from University.
If I can choose by myself, I want to possess the ability of curing all diseases and bringing healthy to people. 
I am patience, carefulness and full of perseverance.
This person is the pride of our hometown, she made great contributions to our villagers.  
I think it is Angela Zhang¡¯s Invisible Wings, all fulfillments I have possessed now is due to my endeavor.
You can see from my resume that my sales team exceeded its annual goal by 15%. One of the keys to that success was my willingness to go out on more sales calls with staff to help close deals with major clients. It meant more late evenings catching up on my administrative tasks, but it was well worth it.
My favorite book and movie are all The Little Prince. 
I want to be eagle. Because eagle flies high in the sky and can grasp the whole condition below it. Also, it is ambitious and competitive.  
No, I do not have any brothers or sisters.
With my qualifications and experience, I feel I am hardworking, responsible and diligent in any project I undertake. Your organization could benefit from my analytical and interpersonal skills.