My least favorite course at School is Physics, because it¡¯s so difficult and boring.
My favorite course at school is Extensive English reading. Because the teacher is very professional and I learned a lot of knowledge at that time.
Maybe the English translation course.
Well, I have required the reward of ¡°Excellent Leader¡±, CET-6, CET-4, translation certifications and so on. 
My favorite teacher in school is the Japanese teacher, she is knowledgeable, kind and beautiful. 
Yes, I think so.
I work to inspire and motivate teamwork for achieving goals and influence valuable changes. I am always open to new ideas coming from team members. I consult with them frequently and encourage and support independent thinking.
Because of the company financial problems.
I¡¯d like to work independently. I believe my abundant experience and adequate competence can help me accomplish project perfect. 
Eight hours. 
I am the one who possessing the capacity to cope with failures and trying to learn from past mistakes.
Yes, I have worked with a man who I didn¡¯t like. He is so aggressive and unfriendly. What I could do is to keep distance with him. No one likes him actually. 
Last year, I finished a bill charged 2 million under endeavor. I always brought my experience, knowledge base and abilities and I believe I can maximize my skills for the benefit of the company.
I like my kind boss and friendly colleagues, also, the harmonious working atmosphere.
I become proficient at designing graphs that gave an accurate picture of the financial data, as well as editing the legal information into a more readable format.
When working, I am demure and serious, I will finish all the tasks in work time. After work, I will enjoy my life with my family and I will not sacrifice my personal time to deal with work.  
Bonus and high salary. 
Yes, of course, here is his phone number.
My dream job would be to be a travel writer! To do this job you have to be willing to go to lots of new places.? You also need to be able to write fluently and in different styles for different publications.? Travel writers must be very flexible, as you might need to go to difficult or uncomfortable places and to travel at short notice. ?
Maybe the accountant, it¡¯s so difficult to deal with numerous numbers. 
Accepting the training offered by our company to promote myself.
Actually I graduated from university two months ago. I have been looking for the most suitable position, and that¡¯s why I come here today.
Yes, I have. My boss gets angry easily and I don¡¯t know how to get on with him. And your company is humane and I don¡¯t need to concern that problem. 
I was the leader of our group. I have a 5+ years of experience in Operations Management. I have sound expertise in Material Management and I have consistently out-performed in the capacity of a Regional Operations Manager in FMCG market. 
Yes, of course, it¡¯s necessary.
Instant messages. Because I am not sure whether my colleagues or clients are available to pick up my phone call. 
I believe you require an individual who can spear-head projects related to Operations Management in the white goods market.
I like John Adams, without him there might not have been An American Revolution not that it was an effort by a single man but several singular men held the Revolution together.
There is something wrong in financial apartment and the company just got bankrupt. 
I will hold meetings each week with my employees and check their work performance, and I will also give account to my clients.
Yes, I have taken part in the Union of creation and cooperation, and awarded the title of ¡°Excellent Leader¡±.  
I acquired my MA degree in Oxford University and the undergraduate degree in Zhejiang University.
They are friendly and worm hearted, they helped me a lot when I first joined in that organization. 
Yes, of course.
Yes, I have.
Yes, of course, it the basic requirement of an English major student.
Oh, it¡¯s around 85, here is the report card. 
Ambitious, friendly and professional.
Yes, I like, I have a great boss. He always set, changed, evaluated and monitored our work goals to improve our bottom line and I learned a lot from him. But because of the financial problem, I have to quit.
Because I want to pursue a more challengeable life, being a teacher is stable and lack of passion, hence I decide to change my work.
Yes, I have learned a lot of knowledge and acquired all the certifications of my major. 
First and most important, be patient all the time, you will never know what will happen. Then, be energetic and careful to every tasks. 
I would always encourage my co-workers and the same as them, we will promote and make progress together.  
No, my boss was a good leader and had strong communication skills. 
I will indicate his mistake euphemistically. 
To be honest, I have, only one class, that¡¯s because I was too busy at writing papers to remember that I had a class.  
I think they are dishonesty, and disobey the principle as a student. It¡¯s ashamed. 
No, never. I always believe that honesty is the most important principle of a human being.
Manager. My manager was a good combination of professionalism and the personal touch. Having risen from the entry-level of an employee, he knew most of the problems that employees faced. So want to be the person like him.
It¡¯s necessary to deal with the relationship with colleagues.