I am patient, perseverance and know how to allocate my time appropriately. But sometimes, I spend more time than necessary on a task or take on tasks personally that could easily be delegated to someone else.
I have an extremely strong work ethic. When I'm working on a project, I don't just want?to meet deadlines. Rather, I prefer to complete the project well ahead of schedule.
When I'm working on a project, I don't want just to meet deadlines. Rather, I prefer to complete the project well ahead of when it is due. While this means I never miss a deadline, it also means that sometimes I can find myself rushed when I¡¯m working. I¡¯ve since learned to slow down, be more patient, and give each project the careful attention it deserves.
I have extremely strong writing skills. Having worked as a copy editor for five years, I have strong attention to detail when it comes to my writing.
They think I am warm-hearted, friendly and east to get along with.
Determination and perseverance. 
My background as an English major will certainly help me succeed in the job. I restructured, edited, and wrote the employee newsletter for the hospital and brought the focus onto employee profiles and contributions.
In the short?term, I hope to work as a sales representative for a company such as yours ¨C one with a mission based on great customer service and care. Working as a sales representative for a company I believe in will prepare me to hopefully take on expanded team leadership responsibilities in the future, as these become available.
I think my patience and seriousness learned at school will help a lot. 
In my last job, I took on many additional responsibilities over the years, including editing company webpages on the office¡¯s content management system. I look forward to using my web editing and publishing skills in this position.
I know your organization emphasizes setting high goals for each team, and I look forward to being part of a team that aims high. I have a lot of experience with teamwork and working on big projects with tight deadlines. My ability to work well in a team, and to manage my time, will make me a strong team member in this environment.
I pride myself on my customer service skills and my ability to resolve potentially difficult situations. With five years of experience as a customer service associate, I have learned to effectively understand and resolve customer issues.
Jack Ma, I want to be as successful as him. So he is my energy and goal.
I thrive at?the challenge of working on multiple projects concurrently. At my last job, I often juggled?up?to?three projects at a time, many with overlapping deadlines. I never missed a deadline. I do some of my best work when I am able to manage?multiple tasks at once.
I am a skilled salesman with over ten years of experience. I have exceeded my sales goals every quarter, and I've earned a bonus each year since I started with my current employer.
Last year, I made revisions to my school¡¯s sixth-grade curriculum, particularly to the literacy curriculum. At the end of the year, we saw a 20-percent?improvement in students¡¯ literacy test scores. My ability to achieve success among students is part of why I love curriculum development.
I¡¯m afraid not. I believe my experience and skills can charge that salary.
Yes, I am.
No, I like to cooperate with my team members.
Although I have ambition, I don¡¯t think I am aggressive.
Be better.
Last year, I had to deal with a lot of tasks at the same time, although I accomplished them on time, my boss thought I wasted too much time.
Maybe about my stubborn, if I decide to do something, I will try my best to fulfill it. 
I think success is based on one¡¯s own competence and quality, no pains, no gains.  
Helpfulness and caring.
None of us was born "perfect". I am sure I will be given a second chance to correct my mistake.
I tend to be a bit too polite. When you¡¯re too nice, people perceive you as a bit of a pushover. While I would never be rude to anyone, I try to keep the small talk   from become excessive in order to maintain a ¡°no-nonsense¡± reputation.
My greatest strength is my ability to work with many different people. I enjoy learning from everyone I meet, and in this position I believe that will enhance my ability to perform on the team.
My ability to focus on the job at hand. I¡¯m not easily distracted from the big picture.
Not at all. Actually, I think I still have to promote myself and to realize a better fulfillment.  
No, I am not. I prefer stable situation.
Patience, carefulness and perseverance.
Yes, I like myself very much.
Sometimes, the narrow-minded people make me frustrated.
I think that sometimes failure will motivate someone, but if there are several failures piling and piling, the one will be frustrated and success will leave away.  
Yes, I think so. Because failure can awake one¡¯s motivation and encourage individuals to work harder. 
Yes, I am. My current colleagues all like me and I get along well with them..
Yes, I am. 
Maybe my perseverance. I accomplished all the tasks well in my former company. 
I am too tolerable. So I did most of the tasks in our company but paid the least.  
Yes, I¡¯d like to. I think I am easy to get along well with and cooperate. 
I see myself as an encourager. Of course, sales can be quite competitive and sometimes people in this field have a secret desire for others to fail. In my last job, each representative handled a different region. I developed a system for sharing sales gimmicks that worked. Soon the whole sales team started saving up stories, not just to brag, but to share.
Yes, I am. I like to help those in need.
I think everyone will make mistake, hence I will not be disappointed and battled down, I will try my best to repair my mistake and work harder to achieve the next success.   
My colleagues have told me that I am extremely organized and excellent at time management. During one project, my team members praised me for developing and sticking to a timeline for all the phases of the project.
Yeah, when need to read a lot of materials or do many homework, I would get impatient.
Yes, I am. I am dependable. 
I feel that I am more effective in a group because everyone has some unique quality that they bring to a group. We can develop our interpersonal skills by helping those in the group who need it as well as learning from those who are successful.
When I delegate duties to others that I know I can do better.? However, if I don¡¯t delegate, then I could end up with more work than I can handle myself. I¡¯ve taken courses in time management and learned how to effectively handle?tasks to overcome this weakness.
Being able to lead and inspire a team to perform their best and strive to achieve goals. I can do this through relationship building, being passionate about the goals, and influencing those around me.
