With the development of science and technology, especially the development of AI these days, I believe machines will be used in all industries and replace human beings in the future. 
I see this company not only as a positive work environment, but also as a good opportunity to have my skills and qualifications make a difference.
Because your operations are global, so I feel I can gain the most from working in this kind of environment.
The colleagues are too aggressive and unfriendly, I can¡¯t get along well with them even though I am mild. 
I would try my best to adjust myself by learning from experienced colleagues and fulfilling my tasks carefully.  
With my strong academic background, I am capable and competent.
I want to improve students' futures.
No, I am a hard worker, and my managers always seem to appreciate the job I'm doing. I've got along well with every manager I've had.
Actually, I want to know the salary.
It is a corporation whose ownership is dispersed among the general public in many shares of stock which are freely traded on a stock exchange or in over the counter markets.
It refers to all the organizations and people involved in the physical movement of goods and services from producer to consumer.
I think it means that combining of two or more entities through the direct acquisition by the net assets of the other.
It refers to a partnership that is formed by two or more parties cooperating in some special biz activities.
It means an organization that more than the home country.
It refers to an act perform in saying something that in saying X of I was doing Y (the intention the speaker Y of speaking ).
I think it is a type of implied meaning, which is deduced on the basis of the conversational meaning of words together with the context, under the guidance of the CP and its maxims.
It refers to how the people acquire the language other than their mother tongue inside or outside of the classroom.
It refers to child acquisition of his mother tongue that is how the child comes to understand and speak the language of its community.
In my opinion, it refers to a particular language variety that has no connection with a particular region but widely accepted and normally used in official documents, newspapers and newscast and taught at schools to non-native speaker.
It refers to personal dialect of an individual speaker that combines element, regarding, region, social, gender and age.
This job in such a stable company offers long-term career development and this is what I am looking for.
I would like to develop my EFG skills to acquire in-depth experience in my profession for the benefit of this organization.
Yes. I am. But I think this company is the best. 
I think teacher is the most selfless career in the world, they not only teach children knowledge, but also the criterion of being a good man.
After knowing the learners¡¯ learning style and learning strategy, the teacher can help students know their own ways of studying and find the most suitable method to study.   
I want to be a part of a company on its way up as this company has already launched several top products.
I want to be a teacher since I was young, and my parents are all teachers, they teach me a lot and I just to be like them and bring knowledge and new information to young kids.
Because I always want to be a teacher and stay with pupils. After being a translator for two years, I didn¡¯t acquire what I wanted at the beginning, so I just follow my heart and be an English teacher.  
In my opinion, a company is also a family, colleagues are like family members. We work together and try our best to promote ourselves and our family.  
It refers to the way in which linguistic elements (such as words) are put together to form constituents (such as phrases or clauses).
Yeah, I have published two journals in CNKI these years.
Well, I think competition is necessary, but sever competition sometimes is unnecessary, I think a harmonious working environment. 
I think either of them is unsuitable, the policy should be changeable according to the real condition of the company.  
Maybe it¡¯s good for somebody, but for me, it¡¯s unsuitable, appropriate competition is necessary, but severe one will make me feel stressed and influence my normal work.  
Well, your company¡¯s notion is honesty and giving customer best service. It means that the company pays attention to integrity and customers, and I totally agree with this notion.  
I have always wanted to work at this company. The ABC team is the team I¡¯d be proud to work with. A place where my background/skills can be utilized and developed.
This Company is a well-known ABC industry leader. I have conducted web research and found/believe that DEF products and its future prospects are impressive and interesting/exciting.
I have experience writing newsletters for a health club. I mentioned that in my resume.
I studied administration, yes, but I am more attracted to writing articles. I want to use my knowledge of business to write financial news.
I did reporting for the university newspaper at my school. And I've always been very interested in journalism.
Scientists don't really interact with kids.
My best boss was a woman who showed me the importance of?suggestive selling. She was able to show a customer the perfect accessories to go with an outfit, without being pushy, and taught me to increase my selling abilities tremendously.
My worst boss was a man who provided very little feedback about my performance.
I learned a lot about?organization from my last boss. I've always been an organized person, but I learned from him?new ways to organize and mobilize the staff, which was very valuable to?improving my management abilities.
My favorite boss was a very dynamic speaker. She took me under her wing, taught me how to command a room and helped me to become a very effective presenter.?
I've learned from each boss I've had. From the?good ones; what to do, from the challenging ones; what not to do.
Because I'm working in a small company where a further promotion is impossible.
I hope to have a job which offers me an opportunity for advancement£®
I have all the certifications acquired in this field. 
I like to work in a team and enjoy solving problems together with my colleagues.
