I think salary is closely related to the responsibilities of the job.
I would expect the standard rate of pay at your company for a person with my experiences and educational background.
Money is important, but the responsibility that goes along with this job is what interests me the most.
I hope you¡¯ll consider my experience and training and will offer me a salary higher than the junior secretary¡¯s salary.
I would expect the salary to reflect my experience as well as qualifications. 
My salary expectations are $xxx ¨C $xxx.
I¡¯d be looking in the range of minimum X to maximum Y roughly figures, but as I said, the salary is less important to me than finding the right job position ¨C if it is fine with you, I¡¯d rather hold off on giving exact figures until I find out more about the role.
I¡¯m looking for a challenging job that will give me the opportunity to work on interesting projects ¨C The salary is only part of what I¡¯m looking for.
I'm interested in the job. Money is not everything for you.
I am sure that I am the candidate you are looking for. If you feel the same, the I¡¯m sure your offer will be fair and commensurate with the value I can bring the company.
I'm expecting a salary in the region of $38,000, based on my knowledge and experience
I seek for a better salary from $xxx to $xxx.
I expect to be paid according to my abilities.
I had  better experience, background, qualifications and skills than other interviewees. So I think I am worth a quite amount of rewards.
I currently earn x basic plus bonuses.  I understand that the salary here may be initially lower and it is OK with me.  I ready to negotiate my salary, as this job would give me the scope of opportunities I always look for.
I am paid RMB 18,00 plus some allowance and bonus that comes to about RMB 22,00 Per month£®
I¡¯m earning $xx right now and I would hope for an increase.
Based on my study on the pharmaceutical industry, I believe any offer will be a fair one. I have a strong background in this industry and I believe my skill is a perfect match for this role. So I expect my compensation to be at the up end of this position salary range.
I hope my salary is $xxx.
With my experiences, I¡¯d like to start at RMB4000 a month.
I hope my salary is no less than $xxx.
Because I want my reward is equal with my value.
Because I had  better experience, background, qualifications and skills than other interviewees.
I hope there will be increases in salary according to my performance.
I hope there will be increases in salary according to my performance.
I prefer to give me bonuses rather than increases in salary.
I want my bonuses equal with my real working performance.
I prefer that my bonuses can be increased with the growth of my perfromance.
I do not care the salary cap but I want increase salary properly.
I can treat salary deduction rationally. Due to worse performance,decrease in salary is right decision made by the company. 
As a way of punishment, decrease in salary may not a not wise decision, making the employers upset and influencing their motivation to hardworking.
I don't mind, but I prefer that my salary can vary with my real working performance.
I worked by the hour£®One hundred Yuan per hour£®
I¡¯m paid RMB 20£¬000 Yuan each year
At present 1 get 2£¬O00 Yuan per month£® 
My present 1 pay Is RMB 3,000 Yuan each month£®
I¡¯d require a commencing salary of 2£¬500 Yuan a month£®
I hope that raises are given after three months¡¯ probation period according to your performance.
I am paid RMB 20£¬000 Yuan each year
Health insurance , bonus ,paid vacation
For a post with good promotion prospect, I think it is reasonable£®I can accept it£®
I hope I can have a month holiday every year.
I except the company can offer me life insurance and health insurance
I hope I can have Saturdays and Sundays off£®
I don't mind, but I except that it would be worth my working value.
I hope that the overtime pay can be paid according to the additional amount of work.
I'd require  l£¥ commission on all my sales
I hope the company can supply me with an apartment of two bedrooms and a living room.
I'd require the company can provide the worker¡¯s Compensation
I hope that my retirement pension can be improved in light of my performance in working time.