I can make the most of my professional skills to creat  profits as larger as Ican.	
As long as my position here allows me to learn and to advance at a pace with my abilities.	
I have the required education for the career path that you wish to follow,which will be rewarding for the development of the company	
I will work as long as I can continue to learn and to grow in my field.	
I will stay as long as I can continue to learn and to grow in my field.	
As long as my position here allows me to learn and to advance at a pace with my abilities,the days you can depend on my working here will become a limitless number. "Never stop study as long as I am alive" is my belief.So I think my abilities will improve with the days by.	
Benefited from the national macro-control policies and the pulling of the revitalization plan at this stage has become more evident signs of recovery in the domestic economy, which will greatly promote the further development of the domestic auto market. 	
I am able to 	 make advantage of my experience to manager the function of the department orderly.
I feel that I will learn and advance my ability to make great constributions for the improvement of the company.	
I'd feel bad if I had to fire someone for minor matter.	
I have learned English well. I will make it with my rich experience. I really want to do some job for a long time. You know, frequent job-hopping can never make a good worker. I would like to make contribution for my company.	
Due to my skills, I will work smart in less time and teach other employees so it will increase company growth and it will be an asset for your company.	
Not long at all -- you expect only a brief period of adjustment to the learning curve.	
As long as we both feel I'm contributing, achieving, growing,etc.	
Skills, initiative, adaptability. 	
Give a brief example of a time when you faved this, and strss that it worked out well.	
?I see this company not only as a positive work environment, but also as a good opportunity to have my skills and qualifications make a difference.	
This position challenges me to keep up with the cutting edge of technologies.	
Given the sense of importance of this ¡®career field¡¯; it has always made me want to be ¨C ¡°your career¡± and now to be a ¡°this job¡±, because I can¡¯t think of any other job-career that is so important to society.	
This job in such a stable company offers long-term career development and this is what I am looking for.	
?I want to be a part of a company on its way up as this company already launched several top products.	
Being part of a research and development team is a job experience I always love to have.	
This company is known as a company that rewards employees who deliver good results.	
The job is tailored to my AFG skills and previous experience,which will be fit for the company.	
?I feel I should have direct hands-on knowledge/experience in this position/at this stage of my career.	
I can utilize my EFG skills  in my profession for the benefit of this organization.	
This Company is a well-known ABC industry leader. I have conducted web research and found/believe that DEF products and its future prospects are impressive and interesting/exciting.	
I have always wanted to work at this company. The ABC team is the team I¡¯d be proud to work with. A place where my background/skills can be utilized and developed.	
XYZ specializes in securities management in IT space. Since, I have more than 7 years of experience in various internal and external security processes; I am sure I will bring value to the organization and working with a young and enthusiastic team will provide me an arena to hone my skills as well.	
Since, XYZ is a start up organization; it will be beneficial for me to obtain hands-on experience in various aspects of running an organization.	
XYZ¡¯ organization is a start up and I firmly believe that associating with a growing organization will be a boost to my career.	
This position is the core of the company, which is also suitable to my professional knoweledge and skills.	
I believe that my skills, qualifications and experience are tailored to the position you applied for and the company you need.	
I consider this job opportunity (i.e. the offered position) to be perfect for enhancing your career as you will learn a lot about your line of work and profession. It will help company to utilize my abilities to the maximum.	
I would always have liked to work in their (successful, resourceful, initiative etc) company and the enormous amount of knowledge and information that you would get and develop while working with them.	
I¡¯m very familiar with this market and have many customers. I think your company will benefit from it.	
My ability to set priorities, identify and solve problems will be rewarding to the stability of the company in the future.	
As I can see, our industry will be diversifed and international with the advancement of science and technology.	
The field has stricter demands on the precision so it will depend more on the machine processing.	
The company should create more openings into locations such as the UK, France, the USA and Dubai.	
Benefited from the national macro-control policies and the pulling of the revitalization plan at this stage has become more evident signs of recovery in the domestic economy, which will greatly promote the further development of the domestic auto market. 	
I suggest that the company should take some measures about strategic adjustment and personnel optimization.	
I think that creating our own designing team makes the company unique.	
Firstly, the company should make make the best of the advantage of market. Secondly, it can cooperate with other firms to make up for its shortage in production line.	
I think the company should reorganize, integrate as well as optimize the human resouces.	
I think the company processes good working environement and strong professsional team, which creates greater development space.	
The future development of the company pays more attention to integrating resources at home and abroad.	
The company needs to pay attention to the impact of overseas markets in the future	
The company should create more openings into locations such as the UK, France, the USA and Dubai.	
The future trend of this field will become more and more obvious. There will always be new companies joining the translation industry, and there will be low-quality translation companies being eliminated.