I often read some prfessional books to enrich my knowledge about relative work.
I am willing to invest my 5 years time learning all aspects of the job towards professional advancement.
I hope to demonstrate my ability and talents in my field adequately.
I would like to work in the designing department.
I would like the company can hold some relevant training lessions to improve our working ability.
I intend to establish my own business based on his/her professional experience as a long term career goal
I plan to try to dedicate at least one hour daily on increasing or enhancing the expertise or the education that is relevant to their job profile.
I hope this job can offer technical/professional?enhancement and technological interest.
I think the size of the company doesn't matter if it can promote one's individual development.
I plan for a second career based on his/her abilities, for instance ¨C serving as a consultant/expert.
I believe I can become a manager or a leader of a department.
I prefer to work at workplaces that offer a long term secured position over advancement.
I'm looking for a change in role and wanted more growth, or even that your position was getting stagnant
I have a rich career profile and are currently applying for a job in a new profession so I am not satisified with my current job.
I am looking for a company who recognizes and rewards hard work
List three or more attractive factors and only one minor unattractive factor.
I look for strong (but reasonable) desire for career enhancement/development.
I look for opportunities that provide job diversification/ advancement in the skill sets you possess.
I look for a company that recognizes and rewards hard work.
I want a balance between working time and private life.
I hope that this job can guarantee stability and predictability.
I have recently acquired a degree and have decided to utilize your education to enhance your professional profile
My job was at a standstill and you wished to seek newer avenues and greater challenges
I am interested in pursuing my career based on (this company¡¯s) goals.I believe that being able to learn the company¡¯s environment and investing in further business education will be in the company¡¯s and my own interest.
I believe that being able to learn the company¡¯s environment and investing in further business education will be in the company¡¯s and my own interest.
In 5 years, I see myself in a senior position (a team leader? high level executive?), having more responsibilities, coaching other employees and managing more people.
I wants to gain autonomy for my thoughts and activities. 
I seek a position that has potential to ¨C Establish status,?responsibility, higher salary and authority.
I aspired to be an expert in this professional area.
One of the things that are of my best interests in this job is the opportunity to work in a team environment. 
I can perform great by applying sound principles of teamwork as I did in my previous jobs. I seek timely and consistent feedback designed to improve not only my performance as well but the team¡¯s performance as well. 
I am actually looking for jobs that would challenge me on a professional basis, so that I can enhance my skills/abilities in order to add more value to the product or service that the company is offering to its clients.
I want to be in a senior position (a team leader? high level executive?), having more responsibilities, coaching other 
I plan to  accumulate experiences such as learning about the cultures of different countries, meeting new people and basically becoming familiarized with customs and traditions worldwide.
I am motivated by constant progress. I find it exciting to implement new ideas and see them through to fruition.
I think that the key to success is to try new things and ask for feedback that leads to improved results.
I measure professional success by the standards of the company for which I work, the feedback I receive from my peers, supervisors and subordinates. Personally, it is to know I¡¯m regarded as a good husband, father and member of society.
I would define success at work by what I learned from key job assignments experiences.
Being capable of learning new things makes me work hard.
The opportunity to utilize my skills and talents drives me to be a better one.
I like to be challenged on the job and desire the opportunity to utilize my skills and talents. Quality leadership and culture in the workplace have allowed me to work at my best
I think that taking on additional responsibilities is the best way to show that I am capable of taking on additional responsibilities.
I want to be working for an excellent company like yours in a job in which I am managing information. I plan to contribute my leadership, interpersonal, and technical skills. My long-range career goal is to be the best information systems technician I can for the company I work for.
My ideal job is one that incorporates both my education and practical work skills to be the best I can be.
I would describe the ideal job as a job that makes the most of my qualifications and abilities, and gives me a chance to constantly challenge myself.
I really enjoy the technical nature of the job and the speed at which I'm able to fix faults. I get a lot of satisfaction from getting people back to work as soon as possible.
Well I'm confident that the job you're offering will give me everything I have now and more so I don't think I'll miss anything about the job itself. 
I'm told the Company has a firm commitment to individual training and development. This is great news for me because I'm keen to learn and advance in the Company. The role itself appears challenging and rewarding which I'll find very motivating
I'm told the Company has a firm commitment to individual training and development. This is great news for me because I'm keen to learn and advance in the Company. The role itself appears challenging and rewarding which I'll find very motivating.
The upward mobility at my current company would most likely be in the global marketing department.