I can treat the criticism as one of my motivations to work.
I feel that learning how to motivate people and to work together as a team will be the major goal of my leadership. 
I prefer to donate it to educational institutions.
The working time.
Yes, I don't mind travelling. I can be available for travel.
I don't mind obertime work sometimes, but I hope the amount of work can be proper. 
Yes, I love change and I'd definitely be willing to travel.
My manager/boss was a good combination of professionalism and the personal touch. Having risen from the entry-level of an employee, he knew most of the problems that employees faced.
He/She motivated me to come up with new ideas and always provided helpful feedback. He always set, changed, evaluated and monitored our work goals to improve our bottom line and I learned a lot from him
He/She motivated me to come up with new ideas and always provided helpful feedback. He always set, changed, evaluated and monitored our work goals to improve our bottom line and I learned a lot from him
I believe the Company began in 1967, with just one outlet, but now has 25. From what I've read, you sell A, B and C products across Europe and the States and have a turnover in excess of $5 million. You employ 125 staff. I beleive you hope to enter the Asian market by 2010.
You¡¯re large and respected worldwide. You¡¯re both a clinical and teaching hospital. Over the last 60 to 70 years you¡¯ve produced award-winning research. In reviewing your Web site, I¡¯ve familiarized myself with many of your corporate goals and objectives. 
ABC Company that is also expending to the [field] and how it might be a direct competition to the said company.
Finishing a project to the best of my ability.
To get a job in my field is most important to me.
The general state of our economy and the impact of China¡¯ entry to WTO on our industry. 
I wouldn't, because the work can give me the pleasure that the leisure time can not bring.
I had an excellent professional relationship with my co workers, which gelled quite nicely with the company environment. 
My boss would describe me as hard working, loyal, friendly and committed. He would say that I work well on my own initiative and deliver what he wants on time and to a high standard.
I made some good friends for life, who today can vouch for me on a professional basis.
I find that working in a team increases the work performance, as well as creates a proper work flow and information distribution between team members.
I prefer to work independently. While working independently, I realized that I was the complete owner of the project (i.e. one man project) and therefore considered this responsibility as an incentive/bonus.
In my last postion, I was part of a software implementation team. We all worked together to plan and manage the implementation schedule, to provide customer training, and ensure a smooth transition for our customers. Our team always completed our projects ahead of schedule with very positive reviews from our clients.
I prefer to work in teams. I find that better decisions are reached when people work together and share ideas. Of course I'm happy to work alone when required too.
I am an easy going person who seems to get on with everyone. If I have to pick a type of person that bothers me, it's the one who doesn't pull their weight or isn't worried about the standard of their work because it reflects badly on the rest of the team.
I find I work well with almost everyone but who I work best with might depend on the activity. If it's a project, I prefer to work with someone who's practical and organized because this is important.
Less talk, more action.
I know that all jobs involve some sort of pressure at some time. I can work as well under pressure as I do at any other time but when I am busy, I prioritize activities so that my workload is manageable.
I'm not the kind of person who looks back with regrets. I prefer to invest my energy looking forward.
I¡¯m open to opportunities within the company; if those opportunities involve relocation, I would certainly consider it.
I guess it would depend on the location and the pay. If everything is the same, I would rather stay here because this is where I grew up. But I would be willing to consider it.
I will try to present my ideas in a more clear and civilized manner in order to get my points across.
Sometimes, the narrow-minded people make me frustrated. 
None of us was born ¡°perfect¡±. I am sure I will be given a second chance to correct my mistake. 
No, I¡¯m not married. I¡¯m still single. So I can devote more time in working.
Yes, sir. I run a shop in this city. But it doesn't influence my working energy.
I can start tomorrow If you like£®
I¡¯ll come here as soon as l receive my diploma and bachelor¡¯s degree certificate next month£®
When I need to, no problem. I realize the importance of meeting deadlines and getting work done on time.
There¡¯s no on-going criticism. I¡¯m open to personal and professional growth and welcome the opportunity to improve.
I work at a steady pace, but usually complete work in advance of the deadline.
I am productive enough to get the job done in a reasonable amount of time.
Anger to me means loss of control. I do not lose control. When I get stressed, I step back, take a deep breath, thoughtfully think through the situation and then begin to formulate a plan of action.
Really, nothing. I¡¯ve learned from each experience I¡¯ve had.
I can be flexible when it comes to my work environment.
It depends on the situation and the personality of the supervisor.
Even though it was difficult when Jane Doe quit without notice, we were able to rearrange the department workload to cover the position until a replacement was hired.
When I was working on a software implementation team at ABC Company, we took over another company and had to transition many clients to a new product in a short amount of time. It took a lot of planning, time, hard work, and effort, but we were able to complete the project in a timely manner.
I am committed to this company and its advancement so, should I not be selected, I will work with and support whoever might get selected. However, I do feel that my experience in the department and with the team would make me the best candidate.
Although I would prefer to stay in the Mid-Atlantic area, I would not rule out other possibilities.