Tell me about your biggest strengths and weaknesses ?
What are your greatest strengths ?
What are you greatest weakness ?
What is your strongest trait ?
How would your friends or colleagues describe you ?
What personality traits do you admire ?
What strength of yours will help you most to succeed in this job ?
What can we expect from you in the first 60 days on the job ?
What was your biggest strength as a student ?
What part of the job will be most challenging for you ?
What challenges are you looking for in a position ?
How do you view yourself ? 
Who do you compare yourself to ?
Tell me about something you would have done differently at work .
What strength will help you most to succeed in the job ?
What were your major contributions to your last job ?
Would you be willing to take less money ?
Are you creative ? Analytical ?
Do you like to manage people ?
Do you consider yourself to be an aggressive individual ?
How do you react to criticism ?
What is the biggest criticism you received from your boss ?
What do people most often criticize about you ?
What are your feelings about success ?
What is your strongest trait ( s ) ?
How do you handle your mistakes ?
What is your biggest flaw ?
How will your greatest strength help you perform ?
What make you think you would be a success in this position ?
Do you consider yourself successful ?
Are you a risk taker ?
Please use three words to describe your personality .
Do you like yourself ?
What do you find frustrating in a work situation ?
What do think about the sentence failure is the mother of success ?
Do you think failure is the mother of success ?
Are you welcome among workmates ?
Are you popular in your work team ?
Which strength of yourself helps you most ?
Which weakness impacts you most ?
Do you like to work with one who acts the same as you ?
How your strengths help you ?
Are you warm-hearted ?
How do you handle your failure ?
How would your colleagues describe your personality ?
Are there any weaknesses in your education or experience ?
Are you dependable ?
Are you more effective in a group or one on one basis ?
What would be your greatest weaknes ?
What is your greatest strength ?