Talk about your views on industry and technology trends ?
Why do you want to work for this organization ?
Why are you interested in working for our company ?
What didnt you like about previous jobs youve held ?
How would you adjust to working for a new company ?
How do you rate yourself as a professional ?
Why do you want to become a teacher ?
Have you ever had difficulty working with a manager ?
Do you have any questions about the organization or the job ?
Please give me your definition of listed company .
Please give me your definition of distribution channel .
Please give me your definition of merger and acquisition .
Please give me your definition of joint venture .
Please give me your definition of global company .
Please give me your definition of Illocutionary act .
Please give me your definition of Conversational Implication.
Please give me your definition of Second language acquisition .
Please give me your definition of First language acquisition .
Please give me your definition of Standard dialect .
Please give me your definition of Idiolect .
Why are you interested in this particular job ?
Why do you want to work here? Or why do you want this job ? 
Are you applying for positions with other companies ?
How do you understand the career of teacher ?
Whats the significance of knowing the learners learning style and strategy ?
Why you choose this position and this company ?
Why you want to be a teacher ?
Your major is English translation, so way do you choose to be a teacher rather than a translator ?
Show me your understanding about a company ?
Please tell me the meaning of syntax .
Have you published articles or journals these years ?
Please tell me your understanding of our companys notion .
Should a company use tight policies or lose ones ?
Should an employee promote his/herself by severe competition ?
Tell me your understanding about the significance of education .
Why do you want to work in our company ? Or for this organization ?
Why did you choose us ?
Have you written things other than newspaper stories ?
Why don't you choose to work for a company looking to train managers ?
I wonder why you want to work for a newspaper .
What made you change jobs ?
Describe your best boss .
Describe your worst boss .
Who was your best boss ?
who was the boss I like most ?
Who was your best boss and who was the worst ?
Why did you leave your former company ?
Why did you choose to come here for a job ?
How do you rate yourself as a professional ?
What interest you most about this job ?