As for the position you applied for, what do you think you still lack ?
What is important to you in a job ?
Why should we employ you ?
Can you tell me what do you think you could do for us if you achieved this position successfully ?
What would you do if your computer broke down during an audit ?
What type of position are you interested in ?
What do you think you are worth to us ?
What make you think you would be a success in this position ? 
Are you a multi-tasked individual ?
When can you begin to work ?
What do you find frustrating in a work situation ?
How do you handle your conflict with your colleagues in your work ?
How do you handle your failure ?
Why should I hire you ?
Do you like regular work ?
Do you work well under pressure ?
How soon can you begin working for us ?
What kind of a job are you interested in ?
Have you had any experience as a guide ?
Why are you interested in this particular area of work ?
Why should we hire you ?
Do you think you're suitable for this kind of job ?
What interests you about our company, agency, school ?
Why are you looking for a job ?
How have you gained commitment from your team ?
Can you work under pressure ?
How do you handle pressure ?
Do you like to work ? Why ?
What interests you most about this job ?
What interests you least about this job ?
Give me a summary of your current job description .
What was your biggest accomplishment on the job ? 
Why do you want to be a part of our organization ?
Would you describe a situation in which your work was criticized ?
You may be overqualified for the position we have to offer, so why you choose us ?
What is your management style ?
Have you ever had to make a really tough decision at work ?
What do you see as the most difficult task in being a manager ?
What do your subordinates think of you ?
What are the most difficult decisions you make ?
What is your biggest weakness as a manager ?
What are the most difficult decisions you have to make in your position ?
You are now a team member and if your leader has made a decision but you dont quite agree with this decision and other members dont express any special opinions, what will you do ?
What contribution did you make to your current previous organization ?
What are the most important values you demonstrate as a leader ?
What do you think you are worth to us ?
What leadership qualities did you develop as an administrative personnel ?
How do you handle your conflict with your colleagues in your work ?
What is the difference between a Team leader and a Team manager ?
What makes you the best fit for this position ?