What can you bring to the company ?
If we hire you, how long will you stay with us ?
Can we offer you a career path ?
How long do you envision yourself working for this company ?
How long would you like to stay with this company ?
How long do you think we can depend on your working here ?
Can you give us business and character references ?
What kind of contribution can you make to our company ?
How far do you feel you can go in this company ?
Have you ever had to let someone go ? How did that make you feel ?
What would you do for us? What can you do for us that someone else cant ?
How would you be an asset to this company ?
How long would it take you to make a meaningful contribution to our firm ?
How long would you stay with us ?
What do you look for when you hire people ?
Did you ever fire anyone ? If so, what were the reasons and how did you handle it ? What are your real value for this company ?
Why do you want to be employed by this company ?
Why should we choose you for the position ?
why do you choose this career ?
why do you want this job ?
Why do you want to work for us ?
Why should we hire you ?
Give us reasons to hire you .
Why are you the best person for the job ?
What can you contribute to this ? company ?
How are you going to creat value ?
Why do you want to work in our company ? Or for this organization ?
How do you see this job position matching your skills ?
What brought you here ?
Why are you here ?
What makes you come here? What brings you in here ?
Why are you applying for this position ?
Why are you applying for this role ?
What motivated you to apply for this position ?
Why are you interested in this position ( or this job role ) ?
In what specific ways will our company benefit from hiring you ?
What can you do for us that someone else cannot ?
What important trends do you see in our industry ?
How would you describe/predict the future of this field ?
What do you think of the future plan for the development of company ?
What do you think of the price trend in the domestic automobile market ?
Do you have any suggestions about the company ?
Do you know how to make the company unqiue ?
What are your advices about how to speed up the development of the company ?
How do you adjust the present strategy of the company if you are hired ?
Do you think the company is developing well ?
What do you think of opportunities for the future development of foreign trade enterprises ?
Can you see the challeges for the future od the company ?
What is your opinion on the companys development prospects ?
Can you analyze the future development of this field ?