How do you normally handle criticism ?
What leadership qualities did you develop as an administrative personnel ?
If you had a lot of money to donate , where would you donate it to ? Why ?
What current issues concern you the most ?
Are you available for travel ?
How about overtime work ?
Are you willing to travel ?
Can you please describe Your Boss ?
Can you talk something about your previous direct manager / boss ?
What do you think of your boss ?
What can you tell me about XYZ Company ?
Tell me what you know about our company .
What do you know about our company ?
What provide you with a sense of accomplishment .
What is most important in your life right now ?
What current issues concern you the most ?
If you had the money to retire today, would you ?
What was your relationship with co workers ?
How would your boss describe you ?
What would your co-workers say about you ?
Do you consider yourself a team player ?
Do you prefer to work independently or in a team ?
Give some examples of teamwork .
Do you work best by yourself or as part of a team ?
What sort of people do you find it difficult to work with ?
What kind of personality do you work best with and why ?
What is your personal mission statement or motto ?
How well do you work under pressure ?
If you could start again, what career decisions would you make differently ?
Would it be a problem for you to relocate ?
Are you willing to relocate ?
How would you handle a conflict with another employee ?
What do you find frustrating in a work situation ?
How do you handle your failure ?
Are you married ?
Do you have to support your family ?
When could you start working ?
Tell me when you can start to work here ?
Do you take work home with you ?
What do people most often criticize about you ?
Describe the pace at which you work .
How many hours do you work ?
When was the last time you were angry? What happened ?
What you would do if you could relive your life ?
What type of work environment do you prefer ?
How do you handle it if the boss is wrong ?
What are the most difficult decisions to make ?
Describe a time When your workload was heavy .
What will you do if you dont get this position ?
Do you have a geographic preference ?